Permission Module
------------------
Portal for service provide list (search by zip)
Portal for discount coupons, ads, guest login to do search.

S1: Trades and sub trades need to be entered by Fixit admin
S2: SP Admin expites, service provided admin can select multiple trade and multiple sub trade
s3: SP Admin details,

>Permission to be added into live from dev as per XLS
> Discount in tabler format
> Provide space for ads in projects
-------------

Permission setting and testing
1. If permission is set and deleted, and if user tries to set the same permission, it is not getting lister.
2. Removed role column from permission

3. Setting of permission
	Questions ()
	1. What is the difference between 
		Service Provider Admin
		Service Provider Agent
		Service provider User
	2. What isthe difference between
		Insurance Admin
		Insurance call center agent
		Adjuster
	3. When we say permission like 
		For Service privider Admin , he has permission to Create, Update, View users of data filter service privoder user.
			> This means a user who is having service provider admin as role has a permission to create, upate and view users with permission service provider user who are assigned to the service provider company ? Is my understanding is correct.
	4. As of now create, update and view of users is under Security > Users which is completely owned by "Super Admin". Do we need to liverage this for other users as well ?

	Also having some more questions related to data verification. Can we have a call by Tomorrow  Morning PST.

4. Discount list as a table with 1 header row. - Done
	name | Description | Date | Available on zip codes
	10% off for weekend sale | <description > | <date> | <Zip>

Plans for this week
-------------------
Permission for data filter to the best.
Customer - Show his records in project
Adjuster admin - show all projects which he created or assigned to his company and which he is assigned to
Adjuster User - Show all the projects where he is assigned to

Contractor admin - Show projects which he company is part of.
Contractor User - Show projects which he is assigned

Work Done
---------
1. Added Role "Partner Admin"
2. Added / editing / view selection of default partner admin user for partner company
3. Contractor admin user was lister in View All of service provider list
4. Added options to add "service provider company" search by zip for service provider admin and service provider users role
5. Added option to add "Adjuster company" search by "email" for "adjuster admin user"
6. Role text was not displayed in single user view, which is added.
7. Provided options to update the service provider and partner based on the selection.
8. Listing of service provider user, for a specific service provider company admin login
	> Adding of SP user to a project
	> Resetting / Deleting of SP user from the project
	> Selection of already assigned SP user to the project
9. Shown service provider users projects only.


Work Done from (21st)
1. Shown projects for adjuster admin, which he belongs too. 
2. Hide service provider selection by search, and partner selection by search from project create and edit form, if logged in user dont have permission to it.
3. SP admin can view all SP users belongs to that company (security > Users)
4. Delete user functionality is removed for self user record
5. Populating of all session variables and using that in Browser code is modified to get the user details from DB if logged in.
6. Contractor admin > creat user > association to the service provider company


 Insurance page initial load
 Insurance for create form cleanup
 Completing insurance for add, edit, update, delete, view All, view one
 6th option
 Listing and allowing insurance admin view only that insurance company,
 Allow insurance agent to create insurance co users and associate the insurance company
 Allow admin to assing company to insurance user
 Adjuster admin login show only his adjuster company
 Adjuster admin to manage adjuster/partner users

Permissions
-----------
- Customer
- Admin
- Service provider admin
- service provider user
- Adjuster Admin can view only his company projects

MOM (23/3/2016)
---------------
2. Insurance company as a new tab same as service provider
	> comp_id
	> company_name
	> company_address
	> admin_user_associated

3. insurance company admin
4. insurance company user

5. Change Adjuster to Partner