Emails 
	6. When the system to send the emails to the customer, adjuster, contractor...
	Done --	6.1 Customer account creation - email confirmation sent to customers. To contractor when applicable.  To adjuster when applicable.
	name and user belongs to this adjuster. As of now will go with email ID search for users.

		6.2 Contractor account creation - email confirmation sent to contractor.  To customer when applicable.
		6.3 Customer creates task and assigned to customer - customer, assigned contractor receives the confirmation email
		6.4 Customer Task is updated, contractor and customer receives confirmation email on updated task
		6.5 Contractor creates task and assigns to contractor - customer and contractor receives confirmation email
		6.6 Contractor task is updated, customer and contractor receives email update


	Email template for all different scenario. with examples. (Action item on Michael)
	--Belongs to need to have an option to add multiple adjusted for a company. This functionality will be same as contractor.
	--Refer to will be a new column in create user. Its a drop-down same as belongs to. 
	Refer to contractor search with zip code and user belongs to contractor search. 
	Refer to adjuster search by company name and user belongs to this adjuster. 
	As of now will go with email ID search for users.

	Unable to add a new contractor, new tasks or new documents from the project details page for an existing project.  Add symbol only expands and contracts the content in the sections.
	·         Issue log section needs to be added to the project details page that is formatted similar to task section.  Column names to include: Name/Description/date opened/Status/Resolved details/Date closed.  Section should reside above the Notes section and below the Task section.

Mallik's Feedback
-----------------
	following are common to others (where ver you see same fields)  in addition to contractor :
	-- 4) phone validation 
	( http://stackoverflow.com/questions/13628995/form-validation-email-telephone-number)
	-- 5) entering zipcodes, should be  valid numbers 

MOM 3ed Aug 2015
-----------------
	1. Merging contractor and adjuster into single table with name company and company type should define (contractor / adjuster / customer etc...) (Later)
	8. Validate email address that is available.
	9. we need to have drop down on contractor types (Electr, Plumber, general, Automobile, Mechanic, etc..)
	12. Will have inactive and active links in projects. Inactive will list all the inactive projects. Active will list all the active projects.

24/8/2015
---------
	- 1. Add a default contact point for contractor, Partners. In contractor screen will list all the users belongs to that contractor to select the default contact point.
	- 2. This contact point will receive mails when the contractor company is choosen for a project.
	3. Contractor Project view will have an option to add multiple contractor users to a project belongs to their contractor company. Same for Partners as well.
	4. Issues will list the users those who are already associated to the project (Contractor users, partner users and customer) in the Assigned to User list.
	5. Same user will be listed for task assignment as well.

9/8/2015
--------
	1. Contractors and Partners need to be viewed by Admin (contractor, create contractor, partner and create partner).

	Please insert the website content for the site and all email confirmations.  see attached.
	Project list page - List of Projects title is mispelled
	Confirmation email should come from admin@thefixitnetwork.com...currently says admin@fixitnetworks.com
	After creating a user (non-admin account) I hit submit, the account creation form remained.  I should be taken to the project list page.  from there the user, based on if they are a new user or a new user associated with an existing project, they should be able to see 0 to many projects

-- Document Attached - 
-----------------

	contractor / adjuster verification mail and activation.

	6. Recpata.

Work for this week.
------------------
	3. Email Template Addition

Michael Notes : 14th october 2015
---------------------------------
	Add the overview section…Michael
	Add About us details…Michael
	News section needs to have construction feeds…Michael (DIY, etc.)
	Google Ads in the grey section

Mallik
		I try to create Contractor and partner, both missing last name. Also, how do they get user id/pwd ?
		Michael,  Isn't user sign up screen should be same as create contractor or create partner screen ?
	>> Can we remove the name from the contractor and partner creation. Company name is is th right term to use.

Michael Notes : 20th October
---------------------------
	Can we move the ‘logged in as admin….’  To the same level as the top portion of the logo?
	Can we make the logo tagline bold text?  Capital M in marketplace
	Export to .csv file did not work

MOM-27th Oct 2015
-----------------
	Safari support >> Testing needed for all areas
	Text changes to Michael 
	-- Tearms and conditions during signup
	-- Reset the state and pincode if we change the city

Work for this week
	City loading is modified in all address form
	Added support for safari browser. and tested all the functionalities
	Sent text changes to michael

MOM 03ed Nov 2015
-----------------
1. Address validation to select proper state and zipcode from databased and not allow user to enter on his own.
2. In IE, Activation link is not working. (Need to debug)
3. Comment out pref mode of contact section from user create/edit/view
4. Work on feedbacks.
5. contractor default users.
